v5.31 ESR upgrade notes (#4211)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/release-lifecycle.rst

During each monthly release, Mattermost backports high severity or high impact security fixes to the previous three monthly releases. `Extended Support Releases <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html>`_ receive backports for security fixes and major bug fixes for the length of their life cycle.  Once a release life cycle has ended, it will no longer receive the security or major bug backports. We follow the same release cycle pattern for all upcoming releases.

.. important::

>   Support for Mattermost Server v5.25 `Extended Support Release <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html>`_ is coming to the end of its lifecycle on April 16, 2021. Upgrading to Mattermost Server v5.31 or later is highly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Support for Mattermost Server v5.25 `Extended Support Release <https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html>`_ is coming to the end of its life cycle on April 16, 2021. Upgrading to Mattermost Server v5.31 or later is highly recommended.
```
